c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.exe
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.pdb
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.xml
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\obj\Debug\MainApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.exe
c:\users\basit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication2\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication2.pdb
